feat: update otel-collector to 0.147.0 (#3083)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/otel-bump-guide.md

### Telemetry Manager

> 1. In the `telemetry-manager` repository, update the dependency versions for `telemetrygen` in the following files (other dependencies are using the main tag, so it doesn't need to be updated):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `telemetry-manager` repository, update the dependency versions for `telemetrygen` in the following files (other dependencies use the main tag, so it doesn't need to be updated):
```
who or what is "it" which doesn't need to be updated?
